README.md, before:

[![npm version](https://badge.fury.io/js/http2lite.svg)](https://badge.fury.io/js/http2lite)
[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.com/dtudury/Http2Lite.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.com/dtudury/Http2Lite)
[![Coverage Status](https://coveralls.io/repos/github/dtudury/Http2Lite/badge.svg?branch=master)](https://coveralls.io/github/dtudury/Http2Lite?branch=master)
[![Known Vulnerabilities](https://snyk.io/test/github/dtudury/Http2Lite/badge.svg)](https://snyk.io/test/github/dtudury/Http2Lite)
[![Dependency Status](https://david-dm.org/dtudury/Http2Lite.svg)](https://david-dm.org/dtudury/Http2Lite)
[![devDependencies Status](https://david-dm.org/dtudury/Http2Lite/dev-status.svg)](https://david-dm.org/dtudury/Http2Lite?type=dev)
[![JavaScript Style Guide](https://img.shields.io/badge/code_style-standard-brightgreen.svg)](https://standardjs.com)
[![Maintainability](https://api.codeclimate.com/v1/badges/c325ed082797477c14fc/maintainability)](https://codeclimate.com/github/dtudury/Http2Lite/maintainability)
[![GPL Licence](https://badges.frapsoft.com/os/gpl/gpl.png?v=103)](https://opensource.org/licenses/GPL-3.0/)

# Http2Lite
tools for DIY http2

Commit message:

documentation badge, tidy up readme

README.md, after:

[![npm version](https://badge.fury.io/js/http2lite.svg)](https://badge.fury.io/js/http2lite)
[![JavaScript Style Guide](https://img.shields.io/badge/code_style-standard-brightgreen.svg)](https://standardjs.com)
[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.com/dtudury/Http2Lite.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.com/dtudury/Http2Lite)
[![Coverage Status](https://coveralls.io/repos/github/dtudury/Http2Lite/badge.svg?branch=master)](https://coveralls.io/github/dtudury/Http2Lite?branch=master)
[![GPL Licence](https://badges.frapsoft.com/os/gpl/gpl.png?v=103)](https://opensource.org/licenses/GPL-3.0/)

[![Known Vulnerabilities](https://snyk.io/test/github/dtudury/Http2Lite/badge.svg)](https://snyk.io/test/github/dtudury/Http2Lite)
[![Dependency Status](https://david-dm.org/dtudury/Http2Lite.svg)](https://david-dm.org/dtudury/Http2Lite)
[![devDependencies Status](https://david-dm.org/dtudury/Http2Lite/dev-status.svg)](https://david-dm.org/dtudury/Http2Lite?type=dev)

[![Maintainability](https://api.codeclimate.com/v1/badges/c325ed082797477c14fc/maintainability)](https://codeclimate.com/github/dtudury/Http2Lite/maintainability)
[![Inline docs](http://inch-ci.org/github/dtudury/http2lite.svg?branch=master)](http://inch-ci.org/github/dtudury/http2lite)

# Http2Lite
zero dependency tools for DIY http2 in node or browser (with a build tool that understands require)

### TODO
* put something meaningful into the readme
* build a simple default hpack context
* add an example (or two)
